well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about uh
the proposal
to forgive the first 50 000 of student
debt
because that was something came out i
guess schumer mentioned it it's a
idea from him and warren and that biden
may be able to do it with a pen stroke
there's already people pushing back
against it
so let's run through it let's run
through the argument and let's see if it
holds up the main one that i've seen is
well i didn't get my debts forgiven
okay and that's not an argument
especially coming from the people who
are so fond of saying life's not fair
that doesn't make a whole lot of sense i
would point out that a whole bunch of
people lost money in the banks before
the fdic existed
i would point out that there were a
whole bunch of people left homeless
after major issues before fema i would
point out
that there were a whole lot of people
hurt before osha existed
now the reality is that if we would come
together as a community
and work together to benefit the
community we wouldn't need any of these
organizations
we wouldn't need any of these agencies
they wouldn't have to exist
because we would be working together to
benefit the entire community
right makes sense
i don't think that hey this problem
existed for me so other people should
have to go through it
is a really good argument
not when the idea is to get rid of
problems that exist
the real question you have to ask is
education something that benefits the
community
as a whole is education a community
asset
i would assume that you like knowing
that your docs and nurses know what
they're doing
i would assume that you take solace in
the fact that the engineers
who worked on the products you use know
how to make them safely
i would assume that you like the idea of
the teachers who teach your children
being well versed in the subject matter
i would assume
that you would like for the people who
are going to make that vaccine
to have some clue of what they're doing
and that you will benefit
from their education you gain some
tangible benefit
some value from them being educated in
that field
it makes sense education
is a community asset the more educated
people you have
the stronger the community it's not like
these people
are getting a handout because they're
lazy they did the work
the problem with this isn't that it's
forgiving the first 50
000 and that other people didn't have
that happen for them
the problem is this doesn't go far
enough
it's a starting point that's it
and the argument against universal
education boils down to
well if you do that and it's free then
anybody can get it
which is literally the point because
education is a community asset
and then that's followed up with but
then they're less valuable
and that's where you get to the real
meat of it congratulations
you're admitting that it's a class issue
you're saying flat out that you want to
use
a college education as a barrier for
entry
into higher paying jobs those
whose parents can't afford to send them
or
who can't get the loans well they can
just stay in those
low-paying jobs you don't have to
compete against them you don't have to
compete based on merit
you want a handout you want some way to
prevent
them from possibly raising above their
station
getting out of the situation they were
born into
when that argument is made that
well then everybody will have one it
will be worthless
it's an admission that the goal of
credentialing
is to keep others down
to keep the poor in their place
perhaps we should change and we should
start looking at things from a community
standpoint
we should stop kicking down and i don't
know
maybe promote the general welfare
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day